README.md, before:

This is my first rice for Hyprland 0.49.0 and hyprpaper 0.7.5-1 (for now).

I am planning on adding wofi and waybar and some notification daemon in the future.

For now my rice has a basic hyprland config split into several parts - basic keybinds, autostart, layout, decorations and so on...

It also has 3 scripts, all aimed at changing wallpaper: 
    + generate colors based on an image and create a theme (a folder with given name which should contain colors.conf (and bright colors, I am not sure why at the moment) and maybe a file "wallpaper" which holds the path to the theme wallpaper
    + change wallpaper to the wallpaper with given path. This script also changes env variables (stored in hypr/theme.conf) which hold the current wallpaper path
    + change theme to the theme with a given name. This script either generates new theme based on given wallpaper or changes to the already exisiting one, stored in a hypr/themes/

And that's about it. Took me a week or two to learn btw. Also all the work was done on Arch and scripts are working on bash 5.2.37. Today is 03.07.2025 (dd.mm.yyyy). Idk why I write that tho...

Commit message:

added waybar and binds to change window opacity. Also chtheme.sh changes both waybar and hypr theme (TODO: change chtheme.sh to create a new theme for waybar from wallpaper and maybe create a temp theme for the second argument, also should make seperate scripts for changing waybar and hypr themes and a unified script to manipulate them (dont know about the paths though))

README.md, after:

This is my first rice

I am planning on adding things.

For now my rice has a basic hyprland config and a waybar half of which I stole from someone. Took a big inspiration from [this guy](https://www.reddit.com/r/unixporn/comments/1lr5ri8/hyprland_automatically_switching_themes/#lightbox).

There are 3 scripts for changing a theme: 
- generate colors based on an image and create a theme (a folder with given name which should contain colors.conf (and bright colors, I am not sure why at the moment) and maybe a file "wallpaper" which holds the path to the theme wallpaper. It also generates colors.css and a theme for waybar (if the folder **"waybar"** exists in **".config"**
- change wallpaper to the wallpaper with given path. This script also changes env variables (stored in hypr/theme.conf) which hold the current wallpaper path
- change theme to the theme with a given name. This script either generates new theme based on given wallpaper or changes to the already exisiting one, stored in a hypr/themes/. It also changes waybar theme if the **waybar** folder exists and generetes new theme if it doesn't yet exist *(but only if the given theme has wallpaper or other wallpaper provided)*

Also has 2 additional scripts:
- `toggle_alpha.sh`. Toggles the opacity of hypr windows (changes between 1 and `low_alpha`).
- `chlowalpha.sh`. Changes the `low_alpha` variable right in the `toggle_alpha.sh` file.
These two are used in `keybinds.conf` connected to `hyprland.conf`.

*Arch, bash 5.2.37, Hyprland 0.49.0, hyprpaper 0.7.5-1, waybar v0.13.0*
*Man, Im tired...*
